Finally someone came
It's not worth waiting so long
Lord Providence
What are you doing here?
I know you are innocent
I also know who killed Dr. Fang
who
It's the man in the blue dress at the door.
He is interested in making a fortune
Everybody's asleep.
Only I can't lie down
I saw that person very clearly and dimly
Towards the day after tomorrow, Dr. Fang left at that place
Thank you for not being able to do it
Are you still my savior?
I'll go first
Please don't say I killed him.
Wait for someone to tell
This is your way
Yes, is it not easy to use?
Should we arrest people?
I'm going to use him to bring up the real poisoner
But we are not
Is the person suspected of poisoning the emperor?
Will he go to the palace?
No one will follow him
And so on.
Always show broken palms
Okay, you should rest early too.
You suffered today too
How about I take you to fry tomorrow?
But the murderer hasn't been caught yet
It doesn't have to be all at once.